docs/3_using.md, before:

# ⚙️ Using Revenge Manager

Once you've successfully installed Revenge Discord, you'll have the option to 
1.  ↗ Launch the app
2.  ℹ️ Open settings properties of the app
3.  🗑️ Uninstall the app

## 🔧 Configuring Revenge Manager

### Changing appearance of Revenge Manager app

⚙️ Settings > 🎨 Appearance

There you have the option to switch between light and dark mode, and
(Android 12 or later) toggle the [Material 3 dynamic colour introduced in Android 12](https://www.android.com/android-12/).

### Customising Revenge Discord app

⚙️ Settings > ✨ Customisation

Here you can change the app name of Revenge Discord, by default it's set to 
*Revenge*, replace the regular Discord icon with Revenge's own icon, and set 
release channels, which are sorted from the most stable to the least stable.

Once you're set all, go to Home page and reinstall the app.

> [!NOTE]
> When switching from higher release channel, to lower release channel,
> you need to wait for that channel to have a higher version than your 
> currently installed version.
> 
> Alternatively, you can uninstall it but you need to login to discord again.

### Change update frequency, installation methods and assets mirror

⚙️ Settings > ☰ Advanced

You can set change how often the Revenge Manager should check for update, how 
Revenge Manager get its Discord app, and how the Manager should install the app,
and also clears its cache.

> [!NOTE]
> To use Shizuku as install method, you need to have [Shizuku](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=moe.shizuku.privileged.api)
> installed on your device. For most user leave it by default is recommended.

### About

⚙️ Settings > ℹ️ About

Here you can check out Revenge's Discord or GitHub repository, or view the 
team of Revenge, and special thanks to contributors that helped make 
Revenge Manager possible.

> [!WARNING]
> You may have the option to toggle Developer Options here, documentation is not 
> available to developer settings

## ⏭️ The end

In the mean time you can read the [📜 Release notes](/CHANGELOG.md) for 
Revenge Manager

Commit message:

Revise usage instructions for Revenge Manager
Updated the documentation for using Revenge Manager, including clearer instructions and notes on downgrading channels and installation methods.

docs/3_using.md, after:

# ⚙️ Using Revenge Manager

Once you've successfully installed Revenge Discord, you'll have the option to 
1.  ↗ Launch the app
2.  ℹ️ Open settings properties of the app
3.  🗑️ Uninstall the app

## 🔧 Configuring Revenge Manager

### Changing appearance of Revenge Manager app

⚙️ Settings > 🎨 Appearance

There you have the option to switch between light and dark mode, and
(Android 12 or later) toggle the [Material 3 dynamic colour introduced in Android 12](https://www.android.com/android-12/).

### Customising Revenge Discord app

⚙️ Settings > ✨ Customisation

Here you can change the app name of Revenge Discord, by default it's set to 
*Revenge*, replace the regular Discord icon with Revenge's own icon, and set 
release channels, which are sorted from the most stable to the least stable.

Once you're set all, go to Home page and reinstall the app.

> [!NOTE]
> **Downgrading Channels:** If you switch from a higher release channel (e.g., Alpha) to a lower one (e.g., Stable),
> you must wait for the lower channel's version number to exceed your currently installed version.
>
> Alternatively, uninstall the app and reinstall it. You will need to log in to Discord again.

### Change update frequency, installation methods and assets mirror

⚙️ Settings > ☰ Advanced

You can set change how often the Revenge Manager should check for update, how
Revenge Manager get its Discord app, and how the Manager should install the app,
and also clears its cache.

> [!NOTE]
> The **Shizuku** installation method requires the [Shizuku app](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=moe.shizuku.privileged.api).
> We recommend keeping the default settings unless you have a specific need.

### About

⚙️ Settings > ℹ️ About

Here you can check out Revenge's Discord or GitHub repository, or view the 
team of Revenge, and special thanks to contributors that helped make 
Revenge Manager possible.

> [!WARNING]
> This screen allows you to toggle **Developer Options**. These settings are intended for development purposes only and may be undocumented.

## ⏭️ The end

In the mean time you can read the [📜 Release notes](/CHANGELOG.md) for 
Revenge Manager
